Add docs to AD for service check recommendation (#21561)
DataDog/integrations-core: active_directory/README.md

**Note**: Versions 1.13.0 or later of this check use a new implementation for metric collection, which requires Python 3. For hosts that are unable to use Python 3, or if you would like to use a legacy version of this check, refer to the following [config][10].

#### Service checks

> We recommend enabling the [Windows Services][11] integration to also monitor the state of the Active Directory services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends enabling the [Windows Services][11] integration to also monitor the state of the Active Directory services.
```

[8]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/active_directory/metadata.csv
[9]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/help/
[10]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/7.33.x/active_directory/datadog_checks/active_directory/data/conf.yaml.example

> [11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/windows_service/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[11]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/windows-service/
```
